Other: Update pr template (#5885)
grafana/loki: .github/pull_request_template.md

**Special notes for your reviewer**:

<!--
Note about CHANGELOG entries, if a change adds:
* an important feature
* fixes an issue present in a previous release, 
* causes a change in operation that would be useful for an operator of Loki to know
then please add a CHANGELOG entry.

For documentation changes, build changes, simple fixes etc please skip this step. We are attempting to curate a changelog of the most relevant and important changes to be easier to ingest by end users of Loki.

> Note about the upgrade guide, if this changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note about the upgrade guide, if any of the following changes:
```
